CLDR-15034 cherry-pick CLDR-17141 kbd: drop transform=no (#3335)
unicode-org/cldr: docs/ldml/tr35-keyboards.md

    - …
    - character `ê`

**Using markers to inhibit other transforms**

Sometimes it is desirable to prevent transforms from having an effect.
Perhaps two different keys output the same characters, with different key or modifier combinations, but only one of them is intended to participate in a transform.

Consider the following case, where pressing the keys `X`, `e` results in `^e`, which is transformed into `ê`.

```xml
<keys>
    <key id="X" output="^"/>
    <key id="e" output="e" />
</keys>
<transforms>
    <transform from="^e" output="ê"/>
</transforms>
```

However, what if the user wanted to produce `^e` without the transform taking effect?
One strategy would be to use a marker, which won’t be visible in the output, but will inhibit the transform.

```xml
<keys>
    <key id="caret" output="^\m{no_transform}"/>
    <key id="X" output="^" />
    <key id="e" output="e" />
</keys>
…
<transforms>

>     <!-- this wouldn't match the key X output because of the marker -->

Reviewer: !! This is backwards

```suggestion
    <!-- this wouldn't match the key caret output because of the marker -->
```

    <transform from="^e" output="ê"/>
</transforms>
```

Pressing `caret` `e` will result in `^e` (with an invisible _no_transform_ marker — note that any name could be used). The `^e` won’t have the transform applied, at least while the marker’s context remains valid.

Another strategy might be to use a marker to indicate where transforms are desired, instead of where they aren't desired.

```xml
<keys>
    <key id="caret" output="^"/>
    <key id="X" output="^\m{transform}"/>
    <key id="e" output="e" />
</keys>
…
<transforms …>
    <!-- Won't match ^e without marker. -->
    <transform from="^\m{transform}e" output="ê"/>
</transforms>
```

> In this way, only the `X`, `e` keys will produce `^e` with a _transform_ marker (again, any name could be used) which will cause the transform to be applied. One benefit is that clicking or using the arrow key to navigate existing text with `^e` will never be affected by the transform, because the marker is not or no longer present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this way, only the `X`, `e` keys will produce `^e` with a _transform_ marker (again, any name could be used) which will cause the transform to be applied. One benefit is that navigating to an existing `^` in a document and adding an `e` will result in `^e`, and not be affected by the transform, because there will be no marker present there (as markers are not stored with the document but only recorded in memory temporarily during text input).
``` 

I think `is not or no` is a bit confusing :dizzy:
